today we're making my chimichurri 80
style a little bit of flavors from all
over the countries that I like so the
main ingredient that I use is cilantro
garlic aji amarillo which is the secret
he might use a chili red blue orange
beautiful colors it's sweet not too
spicy to set that kick then add a little
bit of cumin
of course lime on everything is one of
my favorite ingredients red wine vinegar
stick and traditional and great olive
oil
chimichurri goes on everything fish
chicken darling the taco chorizo on
anything
mostly romantic also forget I said it
you want to chop the cilantro finely so
there's no big leaves left in a
chimichurri now that's the consistency
you wanna see the slap to when it's all
done and chopped up and now for the
garlic I had a little salt they call
that using as an abrasive I'll chop it
up with a knife and then with the side
of the knife I'm actually gonna mash it
so that it looks crushed so that way you
don't have any big rocks of garlic in
the chimichurri that's the way you want
to look like
Yoda time he I'm ideal if you look at
the color it's beautiful so that's color
suit chimichurri you want to cut them
lengthwise and then you want to cut them
against so you can make it a little
squares and I actually mashed it up a
little bit so it actually looks like the
garlic I just feel that the flavors tend
to blend in when you bring out all the
juices and chili the song you're
listening to remember you always got to
put in music this one's by aventura
called la garita now you've got the
cilantro and aji amarillo and chili and
the garlic mash you had a little bit red
wine vinegar as you see right there all
in a bowl you put your salt and pepper
olive oil the taste and you can make
your chimichurri to the consistency you
want with oil I tend to have them not as
oily as typical chimichurri just because
I love the taste of the cilantro and the
Chivas all combined together then you
put the cumin in because I don't want to
have it all limey based I like to have a
balance in my chimichurri once you'll
add the oil and the vinegar you want to
stir it and this is a beautiful bar
watching mature you want to taste it but
does it need anything else
I added some red pepper and some lime
just to round it off just because that's
the way I tend to like my chimichurri
and once you get done mixing it up
that's when you're too mature should
look like right there beautiful with all
the colors enough spice and citrusy I
hope you've enjoyed this episode of how
to make you mature try at home